Funny Quotes
At a job interview, tell them you're willing to give 110 percent. Unless the job is a statistician.
Doing nothing is very hard to do… you never know when you're finished.
No man goes before his time unless his boss leaves early.
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may eventually get to be the boss and work twelve hours a day.
I choose a lazy person to do a hard job because a lazy person will find an easy way to do it.
I used to sell furniture for a living. The trouble was, it was my own.
I am a friend of the working man, and I would rather be his friend than be one.
The best way to appreciate your job is to imagine yourself without one.
Employers are at their happiest on Mondays. Employees are at their happiest on Fridays.
If my boss knew how unproductive I am on Fridays, he wouldn't want me here either.
Every Friday, I like to high-five myself for getting through another week on little more than caffeine, willpower, and inappropriate humor.
You know you've reached middle age when you're cautioned to slow down by your doctor, instead of by the police.
Money cannot buy health, but I'd settle for a diamond-studded wheelchair.
Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. That way, when you criticize them, you are a mile away from them and you have their shoes.
I'm sick of following my dreams, man. I'm just going to ask where they're going and hook up with 'em later.
Never follow anyone else's path. Unless you're in the woods and you're lost and you see a path. Then, by all means, follow that path.
Someone asked me, if I were stranded on a desert island what book would I bring? 'How to Build a Boat'.
Common sense is like deodorant. The people who need it most never use it.
If I'm not back in five minutes, just wait longer.
Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves?
The only thing that separates us from the animals is our ability to accessorize.
A good rule to remember for life is that when it comes to plastic surgery and sushi, never be attracted by a bargain.
As you get older, three things happen. The first is your memory goes, and I can't remember the other two.
You know you're getting old when you stoop to tie your shoelaces and wonder what else you could do while you're down there.
Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves.
Accept who you are. Unless you're a serial killer.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow just as well.
Trying is the first step toward failure.
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.
Dear optimist, pessimist, and realist—while you guys were busy arguing about the glass of wine, I drank it! Sincerely, the opportunist!
Be the person that when your feet touch the floor in the morning the devil says, “Awe sh*t, they're up”.
My therapist says I'm afraid of success. I guess I could understand that, because after all, fulfilling my potential would really cut into my sitting-around time.
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence in society.
There is no sunrise so beautiful that it is worth waking me up to see it.
A day without sunshine is like… you know… night.
I have a lot of growing up to do. I realized that the other day inside my fort.
My therapist told me the way to achieve true inner peace is to finish what I start. So far, I've finished two bags of M&Ms and a chocolate cake. I feel better already.
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination.
I have the same goal I've had ever since I was a girl. I want to rule the world.
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.
When your mother asks, Do you want a piece of advice?  it is a mere formality. It doesn't matter if you answer yes or no. You're going to get it anyway.
Insanity runs in my family. It practically gallops.
Spend some time this weekend on home improvement; improve your attitude toward your family.
I want my children to have all the things I couldn't afford. Then I want to move in with them.
If people are upset because you've forgotten something, console them by letting them know you didn't forget—you just weren't remembering.
I grew up with six brothers. That's how I learned to dance: waiting for the bathroom.
From the ages of eight to 18, me and my family moved around a lot. Mostly we would just stretch, but occasionally one of us would actually get up to go to the fridge.
I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
If love is the answer, then could you rephrase the question?
You know you are in love when the two of you can go grocery shopping together.
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me.
Before you marry a person, you should first make them use a computer with slow internet to see who they really are.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
I never feel more alone than when I'm trying to put sunscreen on my back.
Love is being stupid together.
My wife and I fell in love at first sight. Maybe I should have taken a second look.
I like my money where I can see it: hanging in my closet.
The older you get, the better you get, unless you are a banana.
I never forget a face but in your case, I will be glad to make an exception.
The whole purpose of places like Starbucks is for people with no decision-making ability whatsoever to make six decisions just to buy one cup of coffee.
I remember it like it was yesterday. Of course, I don't really remember yesterday all that well.
Halloween was confusing. All my life, my parents said, ‘Never take candy from strangers.' And then they dressed me up and said, ‘Go beg for it.'
If human beings had genuine courage, they would wear their costumes every day of the year, not just on Halloween.
The office party is a great opportunity to catch up with people you haven't seen for 20 minutes.
Santa Claus had the right idea. Visit people only once a year.
Obesity runs in the family, because no one does.
I've tried everything to lose weight, except exercise and diet.
Being fat lowers your chance of getting kidnapped.
Passwords are like underwear; change them often, don't share them, it's not for others to see, they should be mysterious, and after a while, better get a new one.
I asked my heart why I can't sleep at night; it replied, because you slept in the noon; don't act like you're in love.
Don't take life too seriously; no one gets out alive.
Lazy is such an ugly word. I prefer calling it selective participation.
If you are not yelling at your kids, you are not spending enough time with them.
When in doubt, look intelligent.
Finally, my winter fat is gone, now I have spring rolls.
Me and my bed are perfect for each other, but my alarm clock keeps trying to break us up.
There are no bad photos; it's just how your face looks sometimes.
My mind is like a web browser. 19 tabs open, 3 frozen, and I have no idea where the music is coming from.
I tried to be normal once; worst two minutes of my life.
I am not bossy; I just know what you should be doing.
I need a six-month vacation twice a year.
Getting paid to sleep, that is my dream job.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Sometimes I wonder if all this is happening because I didn't forward that email to 10 people.
If you are lonely, dim all lights and put on a horror movie. You won't feel like you are alone anymore.
Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom.
Being a functional adult every day seems a bit excessive.
Whatever you do, always give one hundred percent, unless you are donating blood.
Knowledge is underwear, useful to have and not necessary to show off.
I like work; it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours.
We come from dust, and we all return to dust. That's why I don't dust. It could be some know we know.
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.
WiFi went down today, so I had to talk to my family; they seem like nice people.
All my life, I thought air was free until I bought a bag of chips.
Arguing with stupid people is like killing the mosquito on your cheek. You might or might not kill it, but end up slapping yourself.
I'm not lazy, I am just on power saving mode
